The Minneapolis Microsoft Technology Center (MTC) offers strategic partners and customers the ability to do either live or recorded events from the Envisioning Theater using either Microsoft Teams or Skype for Business.  Events may be up to 90 minutes in length and may be held at the MTC no more than twice per year.

The Envisioning Theater is used for a variety of events so availability is not guaranteed; Partners can check availability thru their Partner Account Manager, thru the MTC Director, or thru one of the Architects on the team. Normal allowed window is a half day; either an AM or PM slot between 8 and 4:30 PM Central. Availability is usually good 4-5 weeks or so out M-Th; please note that ALL Fridays are reserved for Microsoft weekly shows produced at the center.  All requests must be approved by the MTC Director, Doug Splinter, in advance.  

The actual online meeting used for the event must be hosted either in Microsoft Teams or Skype for Business Online, and be held from the customer/partner O365 tenant. Someone with the ability sign in and act as a presenter/producer to create and manage meetings, as well as all presenters, must be present at the event for the duration; we do not support remote presenters at this time.  A live audience is permitted as well; the theater holds up to 24 viewers. 

On the visual side, we have two specific supported set layout options - Microsoft virtual desk via green screen, or a live camera shot of the business desk scene in the Envisioning Theater. Both options offer the ability to show content with the speaker or the content as the focal point.  We can also play a properly formatted MP4 lead-in video and display up to 3 title overlays.  

We do provide a producer for up to 90 minutes of the reserved time to run the scene cuts during the event and help get signed in/out of O365.  Please note that users of the facility will need to ensure their equipment can connect to the MTC A/V equipment - we generally support any HDMI source, and have a backup machine with PowerPoint and Internet available, but don’t have the ability to resolve client technical issues onsite. 